---
layout: post
title: SCQA
desc: “Intro to SCQA”
keywords: "blog, fabrizio Giabardo, SCQA, skills, tools"
date: 2017-02-04
categories: [Service-design, Service Design]
icon: fa-check-square-o
subtitle: Just some initial thoughts
comments: true
tags:
  - Service design
  - skills
  - tools
published: true
---
# Structured Problem solving
>  Training 

Design thinking - generally used for ideation but SPS is always used for the full structure.

 - `What answer is the client willing to accept?`
 - Not scale dependant - but more relevent in advisory style work.
 - When doing more implementaion work - You will find you do less SPS but it will still be relevent.
 
 > **S**ituation **C**omplication **Q**uestion **A**nswer

 > Situation – where are we now?
“For a long time we have been…”
Start by telling your audience something they already know. This helps establishes relevance. As soon as they are asking themselves “I know this – why are you telling me?” you have them hooked. You now have an opening for the Complication.
 > 
 > Typical situations are “we have a task to perform”, “we have a problem” and “we took an action”.
 > 
 > Complication
“Recently the situation has changed…”
What happened next? The Complication creates tension in the story you’re telling. This triggers the Question you will ask.

 > Typical complications: “something is stopping us performing the task”, “we know the solution to the problem”, “a solution to the problem has been suggested” and “the action we took didn’t work”.
 > 
 > Question
 > “So what should we do?”
The Question arises logically from the Complication and leads into the Answer.
 > 
 > Typical questions: “what should we do?”, “how do we implement the solution?”, “is it the right solution?” and “why didn’t the action work?”
 > Answer
 > “We need to…”
 > The Answer to the Question is the substance of your main point. Summarise it first – completing your introduction – then break it down into details and write the main body of your presentations.
 
#####   Sales Tactic
   - Sales Tactic "Get them saying yes, Start broad"
      - Earth is in the Solar system (Yes)
      - Australia is in Earth (Yes)
      - Victoria is in Australia (Yes)
      - Melbourne is in Victoria .... (Yes)...



